# Fisher_Kennedy_Art2210
[Tic-Tac-Toe](https://kfish247.github.io/Fisher_Kennedy_Art2210/Fisher_Kennedy_Art2210_Game_Fall2019/Game_Project.html)

For this project I decided to remake my tic-tac-toe game. I used a grid function to initiate the board as an array of 9 strings by mimicking a 3 x 3 grid. A Tic-Tac-Toe game can at the most have 9 moves. The logic for player moves is as follows: Each player goes by pressing on an empty space on the board to mark it with an x or an o. The first person to get 3 x’s or o’s in a row, vertically, horizontally or diagonally, wins. I used the draw function and mousepressed function to mark each square with an X or an O, depending on who is going first and who is going second. Both players are continuing to increment the move variable by 1 and we do this until the 9th move, after which the board is filled completely. Player 1 goes when the move is equal to 1,3,5,7, and 9. Player 2 goes when the move is equal to 2,4,6 and 8. So, Player 1 goes when a move is an odd number – for example, we can write this the following way: if ((move%2)==1), then it is player 1’s turn, otherwise, it is player 2’s turn. When either player presses on an empty space, that respective player places either an X or O on the board. For a simple beginner’s game, I still found it challenging. I still find it hard to grasp the concepts of arrays and for this final project my goal was to find a solution without changing the entire structure of my code, but that did not happen. I have looked at other coder’s projects and at times can’t seem to make logic work with the code I initially had for the last project. This was definitely a learning experience for someone who is fairly inexperienced and its still going to take time for me to get the hang of things.


[Kennedy Fisher Portrait](https://creativecodingart2210fall2019section2.github.io/Fisher_Kennedy_Art2210/Fisher_Kennedy_Art2210_Self-portrait_Fall2019/project1.html)